The railroad puzzle solver tool helps you solve/visualize the path to take when
placing your railroad tracks in the Highlander event's minigame. If you want to
minimize your event currency use, you can also generate a list of the most
optimal combinations of railroad pieces to use.

## Getting Started

All you have to do is select the map you're currently on from the presets. By
default, the tool will show you the path to take when you use the maximum number
of railroad pieces available for that map. You can tweak the counts of each
individual railroad piece type to see if there's a solution for your current
deck.

If you have the **Solve Instantly** option enabled, the tool will automatically
recalculate the solution every time you change a map or the rail piece counts.
If you disable this option, you'll have to manually click on the **Solve**
button.

## Minimal Rail Configs

When you click on the **Get Minimal Rail Configs** button, the tool will
calculate the paths that require the least amount of rail pieces. You can then
select one of the configurations to see the path visualized on the map.

## A Small Note On RNG

In-game, the railroad pieces you draw are random. This means that even if you
have a specific configuration that can complete the track, the game might give
you rail pieces that you don't need anymore. When this happens, you can either
place the useless piece somewhere on the map, on an empty cell that isn't
blocking your path or you can adjust the rail piece counts to also include the
useless piece.

Both approaches will result in event currency loss if you're trying to min-max
your return-on-investment, so it's up to you which one you want to go with.

If you're in a rush, the first approach will be faster, since you won't need to
re-place the rail pieces on your map.

The second approach is mostly useful if the new path will also cross some
rewards that you would've otherwise missed. Personally, I don't think the
rewards are worth the trouble, but your mileage may vary.

## Troubleshooting

**Q:** The tool is laggy when I change settings.

**A:** If you're experiencing lag while changing the map or the rail counts, try
disabling the **Solve Instantly** option. This will make it so the tool will
only solve the track when you actually want it to.

**Q:** The tool shows no solution.

**A:** This usually means it's impossible to complete the track with your rail
piece configuration. Try increasing the counts of some of the pieces. If you're
100% sure your configuration is valid, please let me know about the issue on
[GitHub][github-issues-link]. Make sure to include the exact map and rail piece
configuration in your report (a screenshot of the tool's state would suffice).

[github-issues-link]: https://github.com/jozsefsallai/ba-tools/issues
